README.md, before:

# Buttplug Twine Libraries

This repo contains examples and macros for using the [Buttplug Sex Toy
Control Protocol](https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug) with the
[Twine Interactive Fiction Engine](http://twinery.org).

## Table Of Contents

- [Support The Project](#support-the-project)
- [Buttplug](#buttplug)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [License](#license)

## Support The Project

If you find this project helpful, you can [support Metafetish projects
via Patreon](http://patreon.com/qdot)! Every donation helps us afford
more hardware to reverse, document, and write code for!

## Buttplug

For more information on the Buttplug Sex Toy Control Protocol, visit
the main repo at

[https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug](https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug)

There, you can find more information on the protocol, as well as
library implementations and other applications using the protocol.

## Installation

For the moment, most of the files in this repo will require direct
integration into your twine project. You can either check the repo
out, or just cut/paste code and macros as needed.

## Examples

An example using Twine v2 with Sugarcube v2 is available in the
example directory.

## License

buttplug-js is BSD 3-Clause licensed.

    Copyright (c) 2017, Metafetish
    All rights reserved.
    
    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
      list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    
    * Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
      from this software without specific prior written permission.
    
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
    AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
    DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
    OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

example: Move tutorial support files into tutorial directory
Move the tutorial files into the tutorial directory, since this repo
is mostly about what's in the src directory anyways.

README.md, after:

# Buttplug Twine Libraries

This repo contains examples and macros for using the [Buttplug Sex Toy
Control Protocol](https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug) with the
[Twine Interactive Fiction Engine](http://twinery.org).

## Table Of Contents

- [Buttplug](#buttplug)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Tutorial](#tutorial)
- [Support The Project](#support-the-project)
- [License](#license)

## Buttplug

For more information on the Buttplug Sex Toy Control Protocol, visit
the main repo at

[https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug](https://github.com/metafetish/buttplug)

There, you can find more information on the protocol, as well as
library implementations and other applications using the protocol.

## Installation

For the moment, most of the files in this repo will require direct
integration into your twine project. You can either check the repo
out, or just cut/paste code and macros out of the relevant file in the
src directory as needed.

## Tutorial

A tutorial on using buttplug-twine with Twine v2 with Sugarcube v2 is
available at:

https://metafetish.github.io/buttplug-twine

The code for this tutorial is in the tutorial directory, and can be
built with [tweego](https://bitbucket.org/tmedwards/tweego) using the
provided Makefile.

## Support The Project

If you find this project helpful, you can [support Metafetish projects
via Patreon](http://patreon.com/qdot)! Every donation helps us afford
more hardware to reverse, document, and write code for!

## License

buttplug-js is BSD 3-Clause licensed.

    Copyright (c) 2017, Metafetish
    All rights reserved.
    
    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
      list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    
    * Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
      from this software without specific prior written permission.
    
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
    AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
    DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
    OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
